# Problems and Difficulties
- For the first task it was hard to find away on how to translate finger movement to mouse movement. We had problems with leaving the camera space when wanting to move the mouse cursor far to one side of the screen. This was especially a problem because there is no feedback with this interaction technique when leaving the camera space.  
To enable moving the hand back without moving the mouse cursor we also had to find a solution where moving the hand would not result in mouse movement. It was difficult to find a way to do this without interfering with the click action or forcing the hand in an uncomfortable position. Another problem was that the pointing input worked better for one team member than for the other at different points of the implementation.
- For the second task no major problems occurred but we had to think a lot about how to build the application so it would be suitable for the study because the order etc already had to be determined. Another small problem was that we built the data logging like in the example file at first. But then we noticed information about the input mode was lacking and also that the timestamps (in whole seconds) were not accurate enough for fast movements. So we had to make the timestamps more accurate after already recording the first runs which led to us redoing these trials.
- For the third task we experienced the same difficulties as for the second task. Additonal difficulties were caused by the lack of an example for the Steering Law application. The paper introducing the Steering Law task also didn't offer extensive instructions.
- For the fourth task the only difficulty was deciding on whether the timestamps should be logged on mouse-click or on the visible click in the latency condition. We chose to use the former option in the end because that is the visual feedback the participant sees.
- When it comes to the fifth tasks we had a lot of difficulties on deciding how to design the study with this small number of participants. We chose to randomize the order of input device conditions and combinations for all participants because it was not possible to do proper counterbalancing with three particpants. However randomization with three particpants is also not really an effective counter method. Consequently we have to accept that there probably are order effects, learning effects or effects from fatigue. We tried to include learning effects in our study by doing the three repetitions for each combination sequentially.
- Participant 1 only had a bluetooth mouse available, thus latency condition was especially hard. Pointing input became jittery if index finger got tired and thus was not frontally posed to the camera anymore. Lots of combinations in Steering Law were impossible with pointing input.
- While performing the study particpant 2 had problems with the pointing input that did not occurr during testing of the application outside of the study tasks. Potetially low lighting was a problem while performing it. Additionally, hand and arm fatigue was a problem for poiting input during the study. For other input conditions this was no problem. 
- Due to participant 3 experiencing stron fatigue effects, we decided to do the trials on two seperate days. Similar complaints as participant 1, due to doing the study on same setup.